kubeai/readme: fix mistake in nri policy config (#1115)
opea-project/GenAIInfra: kubeai/README.md

Enjoy the answer!

# CPU Performance Optimization with NRI

## Overview

[NRI plugins][nri-plugins] provide a way to
optimize the resource placement of applications in a Kubernetes cluster. They
connect to the container runtime and are able, for example, to adjust the CPU
and memory pinning of containers.

This section provides a guide on how to use the
[Balloons Policy][balloons-policy] plugin from the [NRI Plugins][nri-plugins]
project to optimize the performance of CPU-backed KubeAI profiles.

## Installation of Balloons Policy Plugin

> > **NOTE:** To avoid disturbing already running workloads it is recommended to

Author: Thx. See #1119.

> install the NRI plugin to an empty node (do it right after node bootstrap, or

> > drain the node before installation).

Author: "draining a node" (`kubectl drain <node>`) is a well-established term in Kubernetes so I didn't change this

Install the balloons policy plugin with Helm:

```bash
helm repo add nri-plugins https://containers.github.io/nri-plugins
helm repo update nri-plugins
helm install -n kube-system balloons nri-plugins/nri-resource-policy-balloons
```

> > **NOTE**: With containerd version earlier than v2.0 you need to enable

Author: Thx. See #1119.

> the NRI support in the containerd configuration file. Instead of manual

> > configuration you can provide `--set nri.runtime.patchConfig=true` to the Helm

Author: Thx. See #1119. I used  slightly different wording

> command above, which will automatically patch the containerd configuration
> file on each node.

Verify that the balloons policy plugin is running on every node:

```bash
$ kubectl -n kube-system get ds nri-resource-policy-balloons
NAME                           DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
nri-resource-policy-balloons   2         2         2       2            2           kubernetes.io/os=linux   77s
```

## Configuration of Balloons Policy Plugin

> The aim of the balloons policy configuration is to isolate the model (inference

Author: Thx. See #1119.

> engine) containers to minimize the impact of containers on each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
engine containers, to minimize noisy neighbor effects, interfering with each other.
```

Author: Thx. See #1119. I used slightly different wording

apiVersion: config.nri/v1alpha1
kind: BalloonsPolicy
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: kube-system
spec:
  allocatorTopologyBalancing: true
  balloonTypes:
  - name: kubeai-inference
    allocatorPriority: high
    preferNewBalloons: true
    hideHyperthreads: true
    matchExpressions:
    - key: pod/labels/app.kubernetes.io/name
      operator: In
      values: ["vllm", "ollama"]
    - key: name
      operator: In
      values: ["server"]
    # Enables container-level information for the balloon in NodeResourceTopology objects
    # if agent.nodeResourceTopology is enabled.
    showContainersInNrt: true
  - name: default
    namespaces:
    - "*"
    shareIdleCPUsInSame: numa
  pinCPU: true
  pinMemory: false
  reservedPoolNamespaces:
  - kube-system
  reservedResources:
    cpu: "2"
  log:
    debug: ["policy"]
  instrumentation:
    httpEndpoint: :8891
    prometheusExport: true
  # NodeResourceTopology custom resource objects can be enabled for debugging
  # and to examine the CPU pinning of inference containers. Not recommended
  # for production because it can cause excessive load on the kube-apiserver.
  #agent:
  #  nodeResourceTopology: true
EOF
```

> The configuration above allocates full CPU cores to inference engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration above allocates full CPU cores to the inference engine
```

containers by hiding hyperthreads from them. For example, if a pod requests 6
CPUs, the balloon will reserve 6 full physical CPU cores (i.e., 12 logical
CPUs), but configure the cpuset so that the inference instance can only use 6
logical CPUs -- one per core -- while the sibling hyperthreads remain unused.
A new dedicated `kubeai-inference` balloon is created for each inference engine
container, as long as enough free CPUs are available on the system.
Additionally, it distributes the `kubeai-inference` balloons across CPU
sockets.

See [balloons-policy documentation][balloons-policy] and the
[OPEA platform optimization guide][opea-platform-optimization] for more details
on the configuration options.

[balloons-policy]: https://containers.github.io/nri-plugins/stable/docs/resource-policy/policy/balloons.html
[nri-plugins]: https://github.com/containers/nri-plugins
[opea-platform-optimization]: https://github.com/opea-project/GenAIEval/tree/main/doc/platform-optimization#configure

# Observability

> With [Prometheus](../helm-charts/monitoring.md) running, install script can enable monitoring of the vLLM inference engine instances.

Reviewer: which install script?  Are you asking the user to install a script for observability?

Author: I think this refers to `kubeai/install.sh`
